Remove preset profile names and refactor profiles (#288)
ProtonMail/gopenpgp: README.md

myMessage := decrypted.Bytes()
```

> To encrypt with the [latest proposed standard (RFC9580)](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-openpgp-crypto-refresh-13.html):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To encrypt with the [latest proposed standard (RFC9580-to-be)](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-openpgp-crypto-refresh-13.html):
```

Author: :P

```go
import "github.com/ProtonMail/gopenpgp/v3/profile"

> // Use the default crypto refresh profile that conforms with RFC9580.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Use the profile that conforms with the crypto refresh (RFC9580-to-be).
```
